the team are desperate to know if
spot-size will be okay
and today specialist Pauline has come to
find out
yeah his right eye is continuing to
improve but it's the worst news possible
for the left eye the pressure is still
dangerously high and it's caused the
retina to detach
[Music]
this devastating development means he'll
never have vision in the left eye again
to have some form of removal
I feel
because none as he looks at the moment
the heartbreaking decisions been made
tomorrow he'll lose his left eye fillets
been immensely hard like I can't even
put into words really I just feel sad I
[Music]
want him to be well you know I want him
to be little spot again
[Music]
hey big fella having got over the
initial shock jars is feeling positive
about what's going to happen today so
the specialists think that he's now
completely blind in that left eye and
then it won't hello I'm talking about
you yeah I'm talking about we keep
having complications with the pressure
we're actually going to remove the
workings of the eye effectively his
recovery should be much quicker and he
shouldn't go through these periods of
being really really uncomfortable and
clearly in pain you know this should
remove all that from the equation and
just it's getting back to normal
[Music]
the surgery will insert an artificial
eye so he'll look normal when he
interacts with the other Tigers and he
should feel the benefits immediately
a month later and spots eyes are healing
well and both Cubs are finally able to
be back together and as you can see
they're getting along fabulously they
kept how long really well your brother
boys
[Music]
you